# Exit Ticket

Though I registered in HIST 3814 with few goals in mind and only a passion for all things modern, digital, and futuristic, I completed the course feeling like I had accomplished many goals in a short timeframe, and far more than in the average elective course I've taken. Although my technical background in computer science made certain aspects of the course trivial to understand, the not-so-trivial aspect was documenting my process and understanding the concept of historical argument, something I had seldom been exposed to prior to taking the course.

Digital history techniques *aren't* a well-documented subject, so this was a rare chance to get an applied introduction to a broad scope of technologies used by digital historians. Unlike some other elective courses I've taken, this course undoubtedly left me with skills and technologies that I would be sure to have a use for after completing the course. While completing the course materials, I was able to make connections to courses in other fields outside of history in which historical techniques might still be applicable. I also acknowledged that several tools would be something I would be certain to use again in the future. Completion of the course left me with some practical knowledge and an unexpected set of useful software I had never heard of before!

## Expected assessment

Throughout the course, I pushed myself to obtain a grade of A+, completing as much material as possible and creating comprehensive notes and journal entries that detailed my thought process, successes, and failures without simply repeating the instructions. Although each instruction module could be quickly finished, I used each one as a learning opportunity; not just pasting in the demo code and moving on, but looking at each line and asking myself "what does that do?" and "why is that line there?" After all, a week's modules were only finished when I understood all the material in it, not just when I reached the end. I feel I learned the course material in a way that would certainly lead to success on a practical examination if there was one.

Revisiting the course's [learning outcomes](https://craftingdh.netlify.app/docs/2-learning-outcomes/):

1. **analytical ability:** I feel I developed a strong understanding of how the digital realm enables digital historians to do things never done by traditional historians.
2. **methodology:** I used a large portion of my journals and notes to discuss the advantages, disadvantages, and potential use cases of the technologies, techniques, and tools used throughout the course, relating them to both historical and non-historical uses. 
3. **collaboration:** I referred to others' notes and repositories when I had an issue to trouble. I also occasionally shared my own unique experiences and solutions with peers. Using Hypothesis and Discord, I outined some areas in the course material that could be potentially confusing and provided clarifications.
4. **argumentation:** Though I feel there weren't very many opportunities to truly put this into practice in the course, I was able to produce concrete evidence for hypotheses on how historical events unfolded, and I'm now more confident in my ability to do so in the future. 
5. **professionalization:** I treated the instruction modules seriously, maintaing a high degree of professionalism (while emphasizing clarity and ease of understanding), making sure that all work I published publicly was work that I was proud of. The course also reinforced my abilities as an academic professional, revealing new resource methods and helping me understand the value of showing my process. Lastly, I made an effort to establish consistent formatting throughout all of my coursework, even going back to improve past weeks' work when I had made a new improvement in more recent weeks.
